DOC-1122 Add url field to snowflake_streaming output (#197)
redpanda-data/rp-connect-docs: modules/components/pages/outputs/snowflake_streaming.adoc

account: ORG-ACCOUNT
```

=== `url`

> For private link deployments, specify a custom URL to connect to Snowflake, which overrides the default URL: `\https://ORG-ACCOUNT.snowflakecomputing.com`.

Reviewer: Not just private links, but this is the most common one

Author: Updated.

> === `url`
> 
> Specify a custom URL to connect to Snowflake, which overrides the default URL: `\https://ORG-ACCOUNT.snowflakecomputing.com`.
> 
> *Type*: `string`
> 
> ```yml
> # Examples
> 
> url: https://org-account.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com
> 
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== `url`

Specify a custom URL to connect to Snowflake. This parameter overrides the default URL, which is automatically generated from the value of `output.snowflake_streaming.account`. By default, the URL is constructed as follows: `https://<output.snowflake_streaming.account>.snowflakecomputing.com`.

*Type*: `string`

[,yaml]
----
# Example

url: https://org-account.privatelink.snowflakecomputing.com
----

```

Author: Updated as requested.
